# OQS Technical Steering – 2024-04-10 – minutes

## Attendees

TSC members

- [ ] [Norman Ashley (Cisco)](https://github.com/ashman-p)
- [ ] [Michael Baentsch (independent contributor)](https://github.com/baentsch)
- [ ] [Thomas Bailleux (SandboxAQ)](https://github.com/)
- [ ] [Basil Hess (IBM Research)](https://github.com/bhess)
- [ ] [Brian Jarvis (AWS)](https://github.com/brian-jarvis-aws)
- [ ] [Christian Paquin (Microsoft Research)](https://github.com/christianpaquin)
- [ ] [Douglas Stebila (University of Waterloo)](https://github.com/dstebila)

Other attendees

## 1. Chair's introduction

## 2. Approve agenda

## 3. Appoint minute-taker

## 4. Approval of minutes of last meeting

## 5. Voting procedure

## 6. Addition of Vlad Gheorghiu to TSC

## 7. Meeting cadence

## 8. Report from TAC representative (Thomas)

## 9. Does OQS-BoringSSL repository require a license exemption?

## 10. Sub-project lifecycle

## 11.  Discussing plan for level of code support and the production vs. research tracks

## 12. Other business
